Dev guide (#48)
bird-house/birdhouse-docs: docs/source/dev_guide.rst

   .. gitinclude:: https://github.com/Ouranosinc/pavics-sdi.git docs/source/arch/backend.rst

   The directive will clone and checkout the repository, then include these external files as if
   they were part of the native documentation.

 .. _writing_tests:

 Writing tests
 -------------

>  Writing test is an essential part of software development. The WPS templates produced by Cookiecutter_ are already including the initial folders for units tests and basic dependencies in the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Writing tests is an essential part of software development. The WPS templates produced by Cookiecutter_ include the initial folders needed for units tests and basic dependencies in the environment.
```

 There are two parts of tests:

 * Unit tests:

>  python nose-tests to check the functionality of functions and processes. They are stored in the folder `{bird WPS}/tests` and appropriate test data  `{bird WPS}/tests/testdata`.

Reviewer 2: From memory, I think it's pytest and not nose-tests.  Do we use nose in other birds?

Reviewer 3: I don't remember seeing nose anywhere.

Author: changed to pytest
